bicycle head badges are another small
item that that's very easy to collect
and some of them can be worth a
significant amount of money head badge
is this item at the front of a bicycle
today bicycles still have these but
usually they're just stenciled on our as
a decal but generally on the older bikes
your head badge is going to be made
either of brass or aluminum
here are some swing head badges people
try to get one of each style and there
are several variations of it it's always
important that it says Chicago on the
bottom if you have one that's has
Chicago and a zip code then it's a later
badge and generally the cleaner and the
older they are the better they are there
are a lot of bicycles built by companies
that you don't associate with bicycles
this is a good year this was from a
goodyear bicycle you'll find a lot of
value in head badges like this there are
Cadillac bicycles there were Lincoln
bicycles any brand name that is
transferred can be transferred to cars
or motorcycles makes them more valuable
there were triumph head badges standard
English head badges these are three
different styles of a rolly head badge
all have different type of value if you
just like them for the color these
Robinhood badges are really cool and now
this one's kind of butchered what
happens a lot is this people take them
off of a bike they damage the thing and
that's one less good head badge out
there which increases the value of the
others here's a nice old brass roll fast
head badge it's in fair shape but it's
it's very good a couple of Roadmaster
head badges both for the same bike one
is reversed from the other and then a
really classic head badge over here is
on this bike this is from the late 1800s
it's an Iver Johnson bicycle they also
made weapons they made guns and this
head badge even has porcelain in it
which increases its value even though
it's badly chipped